feat(esbuild): Switch to using esbuild and clean up repo (#346)
hCaptcha/react-hcaptcha: README.md

#### Scripts

* `pnpm run start` - will start the demo app with hot reload
* `pnpm run test` - will test the library: unit tests
* `pnpm --filter @hcaptcha-react/lib run combile:build` - will build the production version

#### Environment Variables

> Create a `.env` in the root directory, see `.env.example` for what variables can be set. If not file is found, variables will fallback to a production configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Environment Variables for Development
For developing react-hcaptcha itself, create a `.env` in the root directory. `.env.example` shows the variables that can be set. If this file is not present, build variables default to a production configuration.
```
